Prompt which I used for writing code of my main Chekpoint 2 program OpenShelf:


This web application is written in flask framework by using sql.lite as database and html css for design, JavaScript for interactive features, and Python for backend.
 This web app is named OpenShelf and it iscreated for people who want to share their knowledge resources by posting books, presentations,  text files, or anything they want to share about everything with anybody.  
First of all For using this app user need to sign up for  downloading resource  and create their account profile  by filling box about hobby, job title, age, and contacts if they want to post some resource and of course functions like log out and sign in by email and password after once user signed up. Then they can post whatever they like but explain what they post by which name or title other people will search that resource, for whom and for example by whom that resource was created if they know. Then user can update or  delete that book, and of course, they can open the comment section if they wanna know other people's opinion about that resource. 
This Webb app should have a home page with a menu and menu on these page lists: 
Sign up; Sign in; ( after user selecting one both of them should disappear and should appear log out) after user choosing one sign in or sign up user can create profile if they wanna post sth. If they don't wanna they can just sign in or sign up and not create profile account but create profile also should be in menu list idk how it should appear create account or profile come up with that yourself please. Then they can search any book or sth that they are looking for by name or by the author s name. Our web side will appear in Google by showing that resource to user by saying that we have that you can download by signing up. Then, the menu list should be a search function for anything that the user is looking for and log out function and donate function. Language of my web app would be only English, but people can post and explain resources in whichever language they would like. Also I wanna function switch theme dark or light. And in menu list contacts by tapping contact should appear two boxes one email of writer  second box for explaining why they write and then button send. 
That's it please help me write code for this web app first read and understand before writing code,  asķ anything that you didn't get and we will create much more deep graphics of our website.